UG (#246)
AY2122S1-CS2113T-T12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

________________________________________________________________________________
```

### 2.6.0 Aborting an operation: `abort`

Abort a current process. If you want to terminate the `add` or `edit` operation at any stage, enter `abort`
and the operation will be terminated.

**Note:**  `abort` is case-insensitive but must be entered without any additional characters. For example, 
`abort/` will be an invalid input.

Aborting an Add Operation:

**Example usage**
```
mTracker$add> abort
```
**Expected outcome:**

```
mTracker$main> add
Please key in the type of instrument:
mTracker$add> stock
Name of stock:
mTracker$add> abort
Addition of new instrument has been aborted! You are in the main workspace now.
```

Aborting an Edit Operation:

**Example usage**

```
mTracker$edit> abort
```

**Expected outcome:**

```
mTracker$main> edit 2

> 	Please enter one or more StocEtf parameters to edit separated by spaces only.

Reviewer: Got to update this

> 	Please enter one or more StocEtf parameters to edit separated by spaces only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Please enter one or more Etf parameters to edit separated by a single space only.
```

Author: I change this to stock instead, because the parameters displayed below are for stock.
